My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose
Until we reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
HOLY FOREST ACADEMY
What? Not here?
He hasn't come yet?
He left so early this morning!
If he's not just running late,
I wonder what happened.
The exam is about to begin.
Onizuka-kun...
Oh, crap. I'm so unlucky.
When I don't have
much time to spare...
...I witness a kidnapping!
Boss, that paper delivery guy's
still following us.
He's so persistent!
Help...please...
What are we gonna do?
He's like an annoying fly.
Smash him dead
before it's too late!
Yes, sir.
You've done a horrible thing!
Murderers! No!
Oh, poor thing.
Well, let's go.
1st PERIOD JAPANESE
FOR ONIZUKA ONLY
He's not here yet.
What is he doing,
that Onizuka fellow?
If he doesn't score
the highest on this exam...
...he's gonna get fired on the spot.
Doesn't he know that?
Hey, it's exam time.
Be quiet!
Onizuka-sensei...
FACULTY ROOM
I really admire you,
Teshigawara-sensei.
You're a graduate
of Tokyo University...
...and you still have
a humble enough spirit...
...to take a Junior level exam.
I also wanted to make sure
there are no errors in the questions.
Whoa, wonderful.
On the contrary, that guy
seems to have run away.
Well, I guess
that's probably wiser...
...than making a big fool
of himself nationwide...
... by scoring lowest
on the exam.
Come on! What in the world
happened, Onizuka-sensei?
That's right. Gently...
...cut up her clothes.
Are you too scared
to talk, young lady?
Don't worry.
Your daddy, the assemblyman,
treasures you.
Keep quiet
and you won't get hurt.
This is a request to get your daddy
to do a little favor in his field.
That's all there is to it.
Hey, bring the video camera.
Oh, it's easy.
You just ask your daddy
to do us a favor.
Use a little sex appeal.
When he sees you
in the tape...
... I'm sure
he will cooperate with us.
If you want to go home safely...
... I suggest you do
what I've told you to.
Well, our young friends are
a little rough and impatient.
They give me a headache.
Hey, hurry up
and bring the video camera!
Umm. It's nice.
I wonder if X-rated videos
are shot like this.
Well, spread your legs more...
However, due to my
vocational obligation...
...I can't let such a thing
go on like this.
What are you mumbling about?
Ouch, ow...shit.
Hey, come on, let's get it over with.
Sorry, but I'm in a bit of a hurry.
I'm supposed to be in the middle
of taking a national exam.
Whoa, my nose...
Who the hell are you?
Are you trying to stop us? Huh?
Which gang sent you? Bastard!
Gang?
Whoa!
I'm with Class 3-4!
You dummy!
Ah...sorry!
Please continue.
Never mind...
What happened?
Please, please hurry...
hurry and show up, Onizuka-sensei!
It's appalling! A supposedly
mature, middle-aged man...
...kidnaps a female student
and shoots a video?
Don't you have any morals?
What kind of mumbo-jumbo are
you talking about, you bastard?!
Well, I rent "uniform tapes"
now and then...
... but if those videos
are made like this...
...forcing kidnapped
girls to pose...
Wow!
...as a humble teacher...
...I wouldn't be able
to enjoy them anymore!
Here! This is a lesson
you won't forget!
On behalf
of the Ministry of Education...
Phew...
...I can't believe it! What do
those guys think they're doing?
Hey, are you hurt anywhere?
Behind you...
This is not child's play,
all right, teacher?
If you want to play your game,
do it in the afterlife.
We're doing this without permission
from our boss...
...and we're risking our lives, too.
So, we can't afford to stop now...
Sorry, but we need you
to disappear!
Then, good-bye.
One more period left.
Don't tell me Onizuka will get fired
without even taking the exam.
It'll work out.
He'll show up.
I'm sure he will...definitely!
Hmm...What will he do,
even if he does show up?
It's impossible to answer every question
in all subjects in an hour.
Now, everyone,
please be seated.
Fuyutsuki-sensei,
what is Onizuka doing?
Why hasn't he shown up?
Fuyutsuki-sensei!
That's right!
Where is he?
What happened?
You studied so hard...
nevertheless...
Be quiet!
Vice Principal!
If he's not here,
he's not here!
That guy gave up on the exam!
Now he will definitely get fired!
Ha ha ha... hah?
Whoa! Onizuka-sensei!
Onizuka-sensei!
Whoa! It's Onizuka!
Whoa! He showed up!
Gosh! We knew it!
Sensei!
Vice Principal,
sorry to bother you...
... but could you take her
to the infirmary?
Hey, who is she?
Now, give me the exam papers,
Fuyutsuki-chan.
I don't have much time.
I need a perfect score
in all five subjects, right?
Yes! I'll go get the exam papers
in the other subjects, too.
Now, please start
working on the last subject.
We're currently investigating
the crime scene...
...in an abandoned building
at Naka-machi block...
...in Musashino City.
There seems to be several
critically injured people.
Please send ambulances
right away. I repeat...
Ganbatte! (Good Luck)
Oh, my goodness! Phew.
SCHOOL INFIRMARY
Who is she?
I wonder if that bastard Onizuka
was doing...
...something indecent
to this girl...
Huh? Whoa!
Whoa! What is it?
What the hell is this?
Umm, umm...
Hmm...it doesn't look
like my own blood...
Where is he?
Onizuka-sensei!
In the middle of taking an exam.
But how in the world...
Hurry!
Take Onizuka-sensei to a hospital!
Take Onizuka?
He got shot...with a pistol...
Three times!
Is that so?
A pistol...what?
O.K. That's it!
Finished! Done!
Ooh...we're free!
All right. The person
at the end of each row...
...please collect
the answer sheets.
Fuyutsuki-sensei.
Thanks, Kikuchi.
Wow, Onizuka-sensei answered
every question!
All five subjects!
In only an hour! Amazing!
Is it true?
Studying so hard
really paid off, didn't it?
Come on. Please wake up.
Onizuka-sense...
Onizuka-sensei!
Onizuka-kun...
Principal...
You look very tired.
Why don't you go home?
I'll stay here in your place.
But...
He'll be fine.
No matter what...
because Onizuka-sensei is...
...the "immortal hero"
of our school.
OPERATING ROOM
Isn't it true?
Principal...
Come on.
Cheer up and stand tall.
The most crucial moment
has yet to come...
...for Onizuka-sensei,
as well as for us.
ATTENTION: CONCERNED PRESS
What a fool!
He found a way
to get fired on his own.
I didn't even have
to take the test.
But I will press harder,
Onizuka!
Even if you live, I'll make sure
you won't be able to survive socially.
Please give us a comment...
... on this case
from the school's standpoint.
What kind of teacher
is Onizuka-sensei?
Could you confirm the rumor
that he is involved with Mafia gangs?
Aren't there unsettled feelings
among students?
How is the school
going to deal with this?
Look at that media crowd!
What has Onizuka done?
This is why we should have
fired him immediately!
What are we going to do,
Principal?!
TEACHER HAS
YAKUZA CONNECTION
Calm down, Vice Principal.
How can I calm down?
It's the wildest scandal
in the history of our school!
Even I can't believe that
Onizuka-sensei was involved...
...in Enjo Kosai
and drug dealing.
It's hard to believe
he would sink so low...
Oh, my God!
That's not true.
But they said so
on the morning TV news...
But the police have not released
any information...
...on the cause of the case!
Besides...
...Onizuka-sensei is in the middle
of fighting for his life.
You guys are too cruel!
Anyway, it is a big problem
for our school!
Huh? Ah, is that...
Could they be...?
Assemblyman Ohta and Ohta-san,
the representative...
...of "The Society of the Study
of Victimization in Education."
Hee! Those two have come
to our school!
Hee! It's all over!
Our school will be shut down!
If I lose my job...
Now, fighting with our back
against the wall, Principal...
...please leave it to me.
Oh, I wouldn't be able to assume
the role of Vice Principal...
...if I couldn't take on
a mere assemblyman or two.
I will take him on...
fair and square!
Please let me beg
for your forgiveness!
A part-time teacher here
did something so scandalous...
...to disturb the public peace.
I apologize...
sincerely... Please!
Principal, where is Onizuka-sensei?
Um...that's...
Speaking of that man...
...to tell you the truth,
we fired him as of yesterday.
Therefore, sorry to say...
...our school has nothing
to do with him...technically...
Vice Principal!
Would you be quiet?
Principal!
Hee!
Hee! It's all over!
Principal! We were touched.
He is truly dedicated!
What?
Our daughter told us
what happened.
An unforgivable fellow kidnapped
my daughter in order to blackmail me...
... regarding the public construction
bidding I'm in charge of.
Onizuka-sensei rescued Hidemi...
...risking the exam he was
about to take and even his own life!
Please tell Onizuka-sensei that...
...I am grateful to him
from the bottom of my heart...
...and apologize for my wife's
past rude behavior.
Please reverse the decision
to fire Onizuka-sensei.
I beg of you.
But we can't really ignore
the result of the national exam.
I'm pretty positive that
he didn't score too well...
The results are in!
The breaking news on the results
of the national exam...
... have just been released!
How did Onizuka-sensei do?
Um...it's...
#3 SUGURU TESHIGAWARA
#2 YOSHITO KIKUCHI
#1 EIKICHI ONIZUKA
Perfect score?
You mean...
that good-for-nothing bastard?
Principal!
EIKICHI ONIZUKA
NO VISITORS ALLOWED
Onizuka-san...?
KICHIJOJI HOSPITAL
Doctor! Onizuka-san escaped!
GYOZA MISO RAMEN SHIO RAMEN
According to police, teacher was
the prime suspect in the criminal case...
...in which over a dozen were injured.
However, it appears he was the one...
... who rescued the daughter of
an assemblyman who was targeted...
... for his involvement
in public construction bidding.
During the incident, teacher
was shot three times...
... and was critically injured.
He has been in the hospital
fighting for his life...
Hey, old man!
RAMEN KING
CHINESE NOODLES
Give me another bowl of rice
with an extra scoop on top.
And add liver and gyoza!
It was you, Kikuchi, wasn't it?
I certainly prepared
two answer sheets...
...and switched one
with Onizuka's sheet...
...when I was collecting them.
But...to tell you the truth...
it's a little strange...
What?
His answer sheet had one extra
correct answer with two points.
Since my total score was 492,
his total should have been 494.
But he got a perfect score.
What does that mean?
It means there are people
other than us...
...who want him
to remain a teacher.
It was your doing,
wasn't it?
You even made an arrangement...
...with the board to let
that man score perfectly.
What a dishonest act!
No matter how much I'm criticized,
I won't regret it.
That's how much
this school needs him.
We need a teacher
like him desperately...
CONGRATULATIONS
#1 IN JAPAN
Hurray, Onizuka. Cool!
Awesome!
Well, well, well...
Though I got a perfect score
and finished at the top nationally...
...the exam was
no more than junior high level.
I would say...if a teacher
didn't score perfectly...
...THAT would be a shame!
Ha ha ha...
Why...why...why...why?
Teshigawara-sensei!
Ah, there you are!
Huh...you live
in a place like this?
Oh, it's you.
Hey, that's rude!
I wish I could go back
and be a junior high student...
...and be in Class 3-4
in this school...
Huh? What about Class 3-4?
Um...nothing!
If you don't have anything specific
to say, hurry up and go home.
Your dad and mom
must be worried.
You don't need to tell me
to go home!
I can't stay in such
a filthy place too long!
What the hell
is that girl thinking?
Onizuka...Eikichi...
I wonder
what his real score was.
JUSTICE
This is...
Onizuka!
Kikuchi! Come to school
for a little while!
The most terrible
thing happened!
What's the most
terrible thing?
I wanted to see some girls
on the Internet...
... but the computer broke.
You're the only one who can fix it.
So, please!
I led such a stoic life
at Fuyutsuki-sensei's for a week!
So I'm starving
for that kind of stuff.
Hey, teacher!
Huh?
About the national exam...
...what did you think your score
would be realistically?
Huh? It was obvious!
What?
Perfect score!
Indeed...what an admirable
guy you are!
What?
Did you say something?
Why are you
in your underwear?
I'm doing laundry after letting
it pile up for a long time.
So I have nothing else to wear.
It's better than being naked!
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy
A new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste
my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
NEXT EPISODE
Yoo-hoo!
Kanzaki!
It's obvious.
Whoa!
What are you plotting?
It looks like I'll be able
to kill some time soon.